tank-top season is right around the
corner and that means those arms of
yours are gonna be on display oh don't
remind me that it's time to bust out the
bat wings all jokes aside there are lots
of exercises you can do to give
beautifully toned and lean arms like
number one dumbbell shoulder press grab
a pair of dumbbells some water bottles
will do - or anything with weight to it
that's comfortable to grip and stand up
straight with one in each hand raise
your arms with your elbows bent so that
each dumbbell is about ear level a deep
breath and make sure your palms are
facing forward lead out and push the
dumbbells up keep your arms in this
position for several seconds then inhale
and slowly lower the dumbbells down to
ear level again for the best results do
30 reps
[Music]
this exercise is great for the deltoids
which are the main muscles in your
shoulders
[Music]
by the way you can also do dumbbell
shoulder presses while sitting down just
be sure to watch your posture keep your
back straight and look straight ahead
[Music]
number two overhead triceps extensions
sit on a bench and hold one dumbbell
behind your head with both hands extend
your arms up and raise the dumbbell
overhead don't drop it
[Music]
bend your arms at the elbows and slowly
and carefully lower the dumbbell back
behind your head
that's one wrap hold the dumbbell right
there for a couple seconds and then
extend your arms again for your second
reps in all it's best to do this
exercise 20 times
[Music]
the overhead triceps extension is great
for training your triceps well it's kind
of obvious considering the name right
but why is working your triceps so
important
first of all these muscles stabilize
your shoulder joints as you do this
exercise your triceps become stronger as
well as your shoulders and elbows and
naturally it makes them look more toned
and defined
[Music]
number three bicep curls
stand straight with your feet hip-width
apart and a dumbbell in each hand your
elbows should be slightly bent in the
inner part facing forwards then pull
your hands up towards your shoulders by
engaging your biceps and bending your
elbows stay in this position for a
couple of seconds don't rush it slowly
and carefully lower the dumbbells into
the initial position that's one repeat
this exercise 30 times
[Music]
I mean what more can you say about bicep
curls they are really easy to do and
they sculpt your biceps and build
strength in your upper arm its tricep
exercises target the back of your arms
then once I flick the biceps hits the
front part so there you go
toned and lean arms all around
[Music]
number four tricep dips
sit down on a sturdy chair or bench and
place your hands shoulder-width apart on
each side of your hips your legs should
be stretched out in front of you slide
your bum off the chair so that most of
your body is hanging in the air and
supported by your arms your elbows
should be a bit bent to create tension
in your triceps start to lower your body
towards the floor by bending your elbows
try to do everything very slowly you
should end up with your elbows bent at a
90 degree angle and your back more or
less parallel to the chair stay in this
position for a couple of seconds and
then starts to straighten your elbows by
pressing down on the chair and engaging
those triceps this is still one of the
hardest exercises for me for the best
results you need to do it at least 15
times despite being a bit tough this
exercise is one of the most effective
ways to get beautiful arms and stronger
triceps just be sure to keep your
shoulders down while you're lowering and
raising your body
they shouldn't crunch up towards your
ears
[Music]
and if the exercise feels too hard at
first you can bend your knees a little
bit to make it easier
[Music]
number five dumbbell kickback
place your left hand and knee on a bench
your right foot should be planted firmly
on the floor make sure that your torso
is parallel to the floor take a dumbbell
in your right hands your elbow should be
positioned at your side and your upper
arm should be parallel to the floor just
like your torso while keeping your upper
arm fixed extend your right forearm
behind you you should feel your tricep
muscle contracting freeze like that for
a couple of seconds then return to the
initial position repeat this movement 20
times for each arm this exercise targets
the most visible part of the triceps so
it's perfect for sculpting and toning
the upper arms besides it effectively
turns body back to
[Music]
number six lateral raises take a
dumbbell in each hand stand up straight
and bend your knees just a tiny bit your
arms should get your size with your
palms facing inward while keeping your
arms straight raise the dumbbells out to
the sides but don't lift them higher
than your shoulders hold it right there
for a couple of seconds and then slowly
William carefully you would turn the
dumbbells in to the initial position by
doing this movement slowly you'll feel
more tension in your muscles thirty reps
will be enough for this exercise lateral
raises make your shoulders stronger
slimmer and more tone besides they
increase shoulder mobility too
just remember that this exercise can
make your shoulders larger so be careful
not to overdo it if you don't want to
look like a bodybuilder
[Music]
number seven Superman you'll need an
exercise mat for this one spread it on
the floor and lie on it
facedown on your stomach extend your
arms and legs but try to keep your neck
relaxed while keeping your torso
motionless stretch your arms and legs
and lift them toward the ceiling if it
helps you can imagine that you're
Superman flying through the air to save
the world
this always gives me some additional
strength stay in this position for about
five seconds and then lower your arms
and legs back to the floor do this one
ten times the best thing about the
Superman exercise is that it engages
your whole body it not only works your
arms and shoulders but also your spine
abs legs and buttocks
oh and one small tip try to exhale when
you lift your arms and legs and inhale
when you lower them down
[Music]
number eight upright rows stand up
straight with a dumbbell in each hand
and your knees slightly bent your palms
should be facing inward and your feet
should be hip-width apart lift the
dumbbells in front of you up to your
shoulders by bending your elbows make
sure that your hands are close to your
body hold it for a few seconds and then
slowly go back down to the initial
position thirty reps will do the trick
upright rows are a cool workout for your
back shoulders and arms but there's a
very important thing you should remember
while doing this exercise when you lift
the dumbbells your elbow should be
positioned above your shoulders not at
their level or below
[Music]
and that's it do this workout three
times a week and pretty soon you'll
notice your arms are stronger leaner and
more toned and flexible it's also worth
mentioning that lighter dumbbells and
more reps are what build lean muscle
heavier weights with fewer reps will
bulk you up so depending on your goals
choose which one works best for you do
you know any other exercises that can
help keep your arms fit and toned if so
let me know down in the comments
remember to give this video a like share
it with your friends and click subscribe
to stay on the bright side of life